\input texinfo
@documentencoding UTF-8

@ifnottex
@paragraphindent 0
@end ifnottex
@node Top
@top Top

@menu
* NSIS-mode::
@end menu

@node NSIS-mode
@chapter NSIS-mode
Matthew L. Fidler ## Library Information @strong{nsis-mode.el} --- NSIS-mode

@itemize
@item
@strong{Filename} -- nsis-mode.el
@item
@strong{Description} -- NSIS mode
@item
@strong{Author} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Maintainer} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Created} -- Tue Nov 16 15:48:02 2010 (-0600)
@item
@strong{Version} -- 0.44
@item
@strong{Last-Updated} -- Mon Aug 20 13:08:25 2012 (-0500)
@item
@strong{By} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Update #} -- 1477
@item
@strong{URL} -- http:__github.com_mlf176f2_nsis-mode
@item
@strong{Keywords} -- NSIS
@item
@strong{Compatibility} -- Emacs 23.2
@end itemize

@menu
* Possible Dependencies::
* Installation::
* History::
@end menu

@node Possible Dependencies
@section Possible Dependencies
None

A major mode for editing nsis files

@node Installation
@section Installation
Put this @code{nsis-mode} the load path@comma{} then add the following to your Emacs:

(autoload 'nsis-mode "nsis-mode" "NSIS mode" t)

(setq auto-mode-alist (append '(("\.\([Nn][Ss][Ii]\)$" . nsis-mode)) auto-mode-alist))

(setq auto-mode-alist (append '(("\.\([Nn][Ss][Hh]\)$" . nsis-mode)) auto-mode-alist))

@node History
@section History
@itemize
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Added nsis-indent-level to allow customization of indentation. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Jun-2012} -- Changed _ to syntax class (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{16-May-2012} -- Added label indentation support for labels of the form "label_$@{ONE@}:" (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{16-May-2012} -- Fixed random hang (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{16-May-2012} -- Attempted to fix random hangs. It could be due to indentation infinite loop@comma{} so made sure (bobp) is always checked at the beginning of the line. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Mar-2012} -- Added website. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{01-Mar-2012} -- Bug fix for syntax table. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{19-Dec-2011} -- Looks for makensis if can't find in program files. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{19-Dec-2011} -- Added .nsi and .nsh autoload (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{07-Feb-2011} -- Added check to make sure compile went OK before launching executable. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{25-Jan-2011} -- Added more explicit setup instructions (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{06-Dec-2010} -- Changed comment start and comment stop to single line semi-colons (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{06-Dec-2010} -- Made nsis-yas-description not depend on finding MUI
FUNCTION<_ul>DESCRIPTION
BEGIN. If MUI<_ul>DESCRIPTION_TEXT is found@comma{} insert there. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{06-Dec-2010} -- Updated indentation line function (bug-fix) (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{23-Nov-2010} -- Macros that end with END or BEGIN are indentation keywords. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{23-Nov-2010} -- Changed indentation routine (bugfix) ()
@end itemize

@bye
